Bangladesh University of Business and Technology (BUBT) is a powerhouse of academic excellence that champions the freedom of thinking. It has established a formidable reputation since its inception in 2003. The university rises to one of the first ranking private universities because of its sound physical facilities, outstanding teaching and the commitment to the future generation. The exception of BUBT lies in the fact that all the members of the Trustee Board are, educationists, professors and entrepreneurs of education. With the advent of their leadership the university is rapidly climbing to a place that observes a unique position of international standard.

The vision of the university is to get the reputation of a world class university with a dynamic approach to enable the students to create their place in the world. With this aim the university has been advancing with the strong support with its valued group of Board of Trustees. The members of the BUBT Trust are, Mr. A F M Sarwar Kamal ( the Chairman of the Trustee Board), Prof. Dr. Shafique Ahmed Siddique, Mr. Md. Shamsul Huda FCA, Mr. Ahmed Hossain, Lieutenant General Dr. A K M Zafrullah Siddiq (Retd.), Prof. Md. Abu Saleh, Prof Mian Lutfar Rahman, Tahmina Azam and Md. Shihab Rizwan, Dr. Kazi Nur-ul-Ferdous. Its sister concern institute is Dhaka Commerce College, one of the renowned private colleges of the country. The permanent campus of BUBT has been located at Rupnagar, Mirpur, whereas the other campus is also in Mirpur, adjacent to Dhaka Commerce College. The outstanding achievement of BUBT in the very first decade has been to remain student focused. The number of the student enrollment is envious and it exceeds 10 thousand in the month of October 2017. However BUBT never compromises with the quality, professionalism and sustainability. The university believes in the motto “committed to academic excellence”--- a slogan that thrives the spirit of everyone.

The renowned magazine Bishwabidyaloy Campus mentioned on its cover page:

“The realistic and quality education that BUBT provides is time befitting to create skilled manpower for the competitive world.” In an extensive interview with this magazine, the Convainor of Academic Advisory Committee and Member of BUBT Trust Dr. Shafiq Ahmed Siddique said, “It’s a matter of hope that the nation is thriving for change.” “I have spent my entire life in teaching and now I wonder that people, irrespective of rich and poor are enthusiastically spending money after education now a days. This shows the beacon of the day, the enlightening future of a nation”, he added. He emphasized on its educational strategies, saying, “BUBT offers ample opportunities to let the poor and meritorious learners study in a congenial atmosphere.”